Fixed #35716 -- Fixed VariableDoesNotExist when rendering admin fieldsets. (#18526)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.1.txt

* Restored, following a regression in Django 5.1, the ability to override the
  timezone and role setting behavior used within the ``init_connection_state``
  method of the PostgreSQL backend (:ticket:`35688`).

> * Adjusted the admin fieldset template to reduce debug logging when rendering
>   (:ticket:`35716`).

Reviewer: How about something like this (or a variation of)?
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.1 where logging about missing variables was
  emitted when including the admin fieldset template snippet (:ticket:`35716`).
```

Author: Made a tweak trying to copy the format of some of the messages in the [3.2.1 release](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.1/releases/3.2.1/#bugfixes), specifically:
```
* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where variable lookup errors were logged rendering
  the sitemap template if alternates were not defined (:ticket:`32648`).

* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where variable lookup errors were logged when
  rendering some admin templates (:ticket:`32681`).
```
